[DC-1234] Terraform Improvements (#160)
broadinstitute/terraform-jade: README.md

# Archived

> This repo is archived and terraform for TDR is now managed here: [terraform-ap-depoloyments](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terraform-ap-deployments)

Reviewer: What would you think about linking directly to the relevant directory?  I'm assuming it's this one!  (Also fixed a typo!)

```suggestion
This repo is archived and terraform for TDR is now managed here: [terraform-ap-deployments](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terraform-ap-deployments/tree/master/datarepo-jade)
```
